--Multiple Linear Regression Results
In this multiple linear regression model, the variables contributing a non-zero amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset are: 
vehicle length, vehicle weight, and ground clearance. We can confirm these results by observing that the p values for each variable is below our significance level.
This model has a very high r-squared value of 0.7149. This value is significant for two reasons. First, it indicates that the slope of the line is not zero.
A zero slope implies that the data is distributed randomly and our model is not effective at prediction. This is not the case due to the high r-squared value. 
In addition, the high r-squared value indicates that the model does a strong job at predicting the mpg of the MechaCar prototypes.

--Suspension Coil Summary Statistics
From the summary statistics analysis for the suspension coils, I found the following summary statistics for the PSI data.
Mean: 1500
Median: 1500
Standard Deviation: 8.73
Variance: 76.23
There is a current manufacturing design specification that mandates that the variance of the suspension coils PSI must not exceed 100 PSI.
Our data fits this specification, as the variance of this sample is only 76.23.

--Suspension Coil T-Test
In this test, I tested to see whether the suspension coil's pound-per-inch results are statistically different from the mean population result of 1500. 
To test this, I used a null hypothesis of: there is no difference between the sample and population means.
And, the alternative of hypothesis of : there is a difference between the sample and population means.
My t-test produced a p value of 0.5517. Thus indicating that there is no statistical difference between the sample and population means.

--Study 
For this study, I am examining the sales performance of the MechaCar prototype in comparison to its competitors in the market. What I will measure will be the average time each car spends 
on the lot before it is sold. This will work as an indicator of demand for each car. I will then look at the following factors: price, fuel efficiency, and drive train. I will then performance
a multiple linear regression for the MechCar prototype, where time spent on the lot is the dependent variable, and the independent variables will be: price, fuel efficiency, and drive train.
I will use the multiple linear regression model to examine the impact--if any--that each of these variables have over the average time spent on the lot for a MechaCar prototype. This analysis
will provide me with a fundamental understanding of the demand factors impacting the sales performance of the MechaCar prototype. In order to perform this analysis, I will need to collect a 
sufficient amount of data pertaining to time on lot, price, fuel efficiency, and drive train for the prototypes.
